All right, let's move on to the third
folder, meetings. So, this is where I
have Cloud Code take meeting notes. I
think meeting notes are one of the most
underrated parts of this AI manager
second brain. I have a workflow with
Cloud Code where if I just pass it the
recording of a meeting, it will
transcribe the entire meeting, it will
figure out who's speaking, and then
[music] create a detailed summary with
hyperlinks for different things that we
talked about, and also update a rolodex
of that person. There are a lot of
services that do something like this,
but this makes it so that you have one
less subscription. [music]
And you also own your own meeting notes.
If you ever have any questions about
things I've talked about different
people that you have recorded in here,
you can just ask your Cloud Code in
plain English, and it'll give you an
answer. If you wanted to, you could do
it all completely offline.